# Meeting Minutes
# Team Information: Number 32 , Name : Memory Munchers
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 4/13/2024, 8 - 10 pm (2 hours)  
**Meeting Purpose:** Kickoff Meeting, Team Brand, Discussion on Monday's Assingments   
**Meeting Location:** Discord  
**Note Taker:** Anthony Chapov 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Chris
- Justin
- Philip
- Hailani
- Richard
- Arjun V
- Arjun 
- David
- Thanh
- Anthony
  
Did not attend (valid excuse):
- Thomas Li
- 
- 
Missed (no valid excuse) 
-
  
## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
New Business to be discussed | • Team Brand (In team activity : Logo Design) <br>• Team Videos (7/11 so far) <br>• Definition of Roles (initial thoughts) <br>• Team Contract <br>• Phone numbers  
Any old unresolved business from the previous meeting/week | • type here <br>• type  here <br>• type  here <br>• type  here <br>• type here
Anything that was on the agenda but was not discussed (save for next meeting's old business) | • type here <br>• type  here <br>• type  here <br>• type  here <br>• type here

## Any decisions made & their reasoning
Decision | Reasoning | By whom (developers, team leads, team) |
---- | ---- | ---- |
Next meeting will be scheduled during CSE 110 lab hours | Because nobody attends it anyway and there is no excuse to not attend :) | Team? |
Picked and designed our logo "Memory Munchers" | reasoning | by Team |
Richard and Hailani going to edit the videos  | they both did it before | by Team |
Came up with Team Contract  | n/a | by Team |
Philip is going to fill up the team page | n/a | By Team 
Hailiani is going to come up with team logo (in case there is a better one then the one we came up with right now) | She is good at desgining | By Team 
Made everyone admin in the repository | people could not upload their signed pdf docs | By Team Leads 


## Action Items (We discuss it HERE, and then copy and paste all of this into the Project thingie so its more convenient to fill it up)
| Done? | Task | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| No | take a screenshot of your group zoom call during the game (Links to an external site.https://skribbl.io/Links to an external site.) | who | due_date |
| No | Everyone need to sign team contract and submit individually as a pdf| team | Wend |
| No | Rename this meeting notes into correct thing | Team Leads | asap |
| No | Everyone add url and contribute to the team page | Team | asap |
| No | Ask TA about BackEnd/FrontEnd Division between Devs | Team Leads | Meeting on Wedn with TA |
| No | 4 more people need to send their videos (including Anthony) | Team  | Sunday afternoon the latest |





## Other Notes & Information
Just some random stuff goes here. Brainstorming, Thinks to consider, etc. Talk here about everything but keep it a little bit organized. 

Developer (Arjun): writes software, planning, he must know where button goes where, what functionality is, the user experience
Developer (Hailani): supporters to planers 
Planner: Plans out tasks that developers can do, assign issues pages thingie can be done by planner during the meeting 
Designer: design how the web (front end) would look like. 
Developer (Hailani): Leads are well rounded and can fit in any role where can they meet, they direct things , like coordinating things , go where they needed, keeping the group whole, set the collaborative enrvironment 
Developer (Philip): Leads submmit stuff 
