# Team Meeting 5/13/2024

# Attendance:

- Christopher
- Arjun V
- Philip
- David
- Hailani
- Justin
- Richard
- Thomas
- Anthony

# Agenda

### (Discord or Slack?)

1. Finalize app spec:
- Need to decide how our journal entries behave. Will we make 4 different views for each type of journal entry or create 1 view that is customizable?
- Finalize search functionality (per project or entire journal?)


<br><br>


2. Plan out how we go about developing this app as a team so our *Planner* can make *GitHub Issues*


- Front end team:
1. Skeleton?

- Back end team:

3. Meeting after Thursday class?

Decisions: 
Decided to change the entries and nodes organization: keep just 1 general template for any kind of entry instead of splitting them on 4 and dealing with each individually. 

Thinking of havign a popup page when user clicks + to get new node with chosen template and fill it out. 

Front Eand TEam: Basic skeleton of HTML, sizing, making different sections 

